docs: update "Metrics" Plugins (#7188)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/datadog.md

## Description

> The `datadog` monitoring Plugin if for seamless integration of APISIX with [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/), one of the most used monitoring and observability platform for cloud applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `datadog` monitoring Plugin is for seamless integration of APISIX with [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/), one of the most used monitoring and observability platform for cloud applications.
```

When enabled, the Plugin supports multiple metric capture types for request and response cycles.

This Plugin, pushes its custom metrics to the [DogStatsD](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/dogstatsd/?tab=hostagent) server over UDP protocol and comes bundled with [Datadog agent](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/).

> DogStatsD is basically an implementation of the StatsD protocol which collects the custom metrics for Apache APISIX agent, aggregates it into a single data point, and sends it to the configured Datadog server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DogStatsD implements the StatsD protocol which collects the custom metrics for the Apache APISIX agent, aggregates them into a single data point, and sends it to the configured Datadog server.
```

| constant_tags | array   | False    | [ "source:apisix" ] | Static tags to embed into generated metrics. Useful for grouping metrics over certain signals.                                            |

:::tip

See [defining tags](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tagging/#defining-tags) to know more about how to effectively use tags.

:::

By default, the Plugin expects the DogStatsD service to be available at `127.0.0.1:8125`. If you want to change this, you can update the Plugin metadata as shown below:

```shell
curl http://127.0.0.1:9080/apisix/admin/plugin_metadata/datadog -H 'X-API-KEY: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1' -X PUT -d '
{
    "host": "172.168.45.29",
    "port": 8126,
    "constant_tags": [
        "source:apisix",
        "service:custom"
    ],
    "namespace": "apisix"
}'
```

To reset to default configuration, make a PUT request with empty body:

```shell
curl http://127.0.0.1:9080/apisix/admin/plugin_metadata/datadog -H 'X-API-KEY: edd1c9f034335f136f87ad84b625c8f1' -X PUT -d '{}'
```

## Exported metrics

> When the `datadog` Plugin is enabled, APISIX agent exports the following metrics to the DogStatsD server for each request/response cycle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `datadog` Plugin is enabled, the APISIX agent exports the following metrics to the DogStatsD server for each request/response cycle:
```

| Upstream latency | Histogram   | Time taken to proxy the request to the upstream server till a response is received (in milliseconds). |
| APISIX Latency   | Histogram   | Time taken by APISIX agent to process the request (in milliseconds).                                  |
| Ingress Size     | Timer       | Request body size in bytes.                                                                           |
| Egress Size      | Timer       | Response body size in bytes.                                                                          |

The metrics will be sent to the DogStatsD agent with the following tags:

- `route_name`: Name specified in the Route schema definition. If not present or if the attribute `prefer_name` is set to false, falls back to the Route ID.
- `service_name`: If a Route has been created with an abstracted Service, the Service name/ID based on the attribute `prefer_name`.
- `consumer`: If the Route is linked to a Consumer, the username will be added as a tag.
- `balancer_ip`: IP address of the Upstream balancer that processed the current request.
- `response_status`: HTTP response status code.

> - `scheme`: Request scheme such as HTTP, gRPC, and gRPCs.

Reviewer: I guess it would be nice to put these into a tabular form. What do you think?

Author: I think we are following this structure without tables in some other places as well. So, we can keep it as it is now.
